## Description

*Wayte* has a tree with $n$ nodes, and every edge on the tree is either a light edge or a heavy edge. You're going to perform $m$ operations on the tree. Prior to any operation, all edges on the tree are light edges. There are two types of operations:

1. Given two points $a$ and $b$, first for each point $x$ along the path from $a$ to $b$ (including $a$ and $b$), you make all edges incident to $x$ light edges. Then change all edges in the path from $a$ to $b$ to heavy edges.
2. Given two points $a$ and $b$, you need to figure out the current count of heavy edges in the path from $a$ to $b$.

## Input Format

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases. For each test case:

The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$. $n$ is the number of nodes, and $m$ is the number of operations.

Next $n-1$ lines each contain two integers $u,v$, indicating an edge on the tree.

Next $m$ lines each contain three integers $op_i,a_i,b_i$, describing an operation, where $op_i=1$ denotes operation type $1$, and $op_i=2$ denotes operation type $2$.

It is guaranteed that $a_i \neq b_i$ in tests.

## Output Format

For each type-$2$ operation, print a line of one integer equal to its result.

```input1
1
7 7
1 2
1 3
3 4
3 5
3 6
6 7
1 1 7
2 1 4
2 2 7
1 1 5
2 2 7
1 2 1
2 1 7
```
```output1
1
3
2
1
```

## Sample Explanation 1

After the $1$st operation, heavy edges are: $(1,3)$, $(3,6)$, $(6,7)$. 

In the $2$nd operation, involved heavy edge: $(1,3)$. 

In the $3$rd operation, involved heavy edges: $(1,3)$, $(3,6)$, $(6,7)$. 

In the $4$th operation, first $(1,3)$ and $(3,6)$ become light edges, then $(1,3)$ and $(3,5)$ become heavy edges. 

In the $5$th operation, involved heavy edges: $(1,3)$, $(6,7)$. 

In the $6$th operation, first $(1,3)$ becomes a light edge, then $(1,2)$ becomes a heavy edge.  

In the $7$th operation, involved heavy edge: $(6,7)$. 

## Sample 2

See attached files [edge2.in](file://edge2.in) and [edge2.ans](file://edge2.ans).
Constraints of this sample is the same as test cases $3 \sim  6$.

## Sample 3

See attached files [edge3.in](file://edge3.in) and [edge2.ans](file://edge3.ans).
Constraints of this sample is the same as test cases $9 \sim 10$.

## Sample 4

See attached files [edge4.in](file://edge4.in) and [edge4.ans](file://edge4.ans).
Constraints of this sample is the same as test cases $11 \sim 14$.

## Sample 5

See attached files [edge5.in](file://edge5.in) and [edge5.ans](file://edge5.ans).
Constraints of this sample is the same as test cases $17 \sim 20$.

## Constraints and Specification

For all the tests, $T \leq 3$, $1 \leq n,m \leq 10^5$.

|Test Case Number|$n,m \leq$|Special Case|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|$1 \sim 2$|$100$|None|
|$3 \sim 6$|$5000$|None|
|$7 \sim 8$|$10^5$|$A,B$|
|$9 \sim 10$|$10^5$|$A$|
|$11 \sim 14$|$10^5$|$B$|
|$15 \sim 16$|$2 \times 10^4$|None|
|$17 \sim 20$|$10^5$|None|

Special case $A$: the tree is isomorphic to a chain.

Special case $B$: $a_i$ and $b_i$ given by type-$2$ operations are directly connected by an edge.
