## Description

This Summer, NOI is celebrating its 30th birthday in the city of SZ(Shenzhen). OIers attending this ceremony are travelling to SZ from $n$ cities around the country. 

The cities in the country form a rooted tree with SZ as its root, and each city is connected to its parent by a road. For simplicity, we label the $n$ cities with integers from $1$ to $n$. SZ city has a label of $1$. For any city other than SZ labelled $v$, its parent on the tree $f_v$ and length of the road to its parent $S_v$ is given. 

To arrive in SZ from city $v$, we first choose one of $v$'s ancestors, $a$, and pay for a ticket to $a$. Then we choose $a$'s ancestor $b$ and pay to arrive in $b$. Repeat this process until SZ is reached. 

For each city $v$, a limit on travel distance $l_v$ is given. For $a$ as an ancestor of $v$, a direct transportation from city $v$ to city $a$ could be taken only if the sum of roads' distances between them is not greater than $l_v$; otherwise it cannot be reached within one travel. For each city $v$, parameters of transportation price $p_v,q_v$ are also known. if the total distance of roads from city $v$ to city $a$ is $d$, then the price of ticket from city $v$ to city $a$ is $dp_v+q_v$. 

OIers from every city want to spend less money to get to SZ. Your task is to tell them the minimum cost for OIers in each city.

## Input Format

The first line contains two integers $n,t$, indicating the number of cities and a brief description of input data (meaning explained later).

Each line from line $2$ to line $n$ describes a city other than SZ. Line $v$ consists of five non-negative integers $f_v,S_v,p_v,q_v,l_v$, indicating the parent of city $v$, the distance between them, the two parameters for ticket price, and the limitation on travel distance respectively.

**Note:** Input does not contain city $1$, SZ. line $2$ to line $n$ describes city $2$ to city $n$.

## Output Format

The output consists of $n-1$ lines, each with one integer. Line $v$ is the minimum cost to travel from city $v+1$ to SZ.

Also **Note:** Output does not contain city $1$, SZ.

```input1
7 3
1 2 20 0 3
1 5 10 100 5
2 4 10 10 10
2 9 1 100 10
3 5 20 100 10
4 4 20 0 10
```
```output1
40
150
70
149
300
150
```

## Constraints and Hint

For all the data, $n \leq 2 \times 10^5,0 \leq p_v \leq 10^6,0 \leq q_v \leq 10^{12},1 \leq f_v < v,0 < s_v \leq l_v \leq 2 \times 10^{11}$, and the total distance from any city to SZ is not greater than $2 \times 10^{11}$.

$t$ in input describes input type, $0 \leq t < 4$:

When $t=0$ or $2$, for every city $v$ in input, $f_v=v-1$, therefore the cities form a chain with SZ on one end;

When $t=0$ or $2$, for every city $v$ in input, $l_v=2 \times 10^{11}$, therefore there's no limit on travel distance, all cities could travel directly to any of their ancestors;

When $t=3$, no special case is expected.
