## Description

*Ceres* is a prosperous country. It consists of $n$ cities and $m$ directed roads, with cities numbered from $1$ to $n$. If starting from city $x$, city $y$ could be reached by moving along several roads, then we claim that city $y$ is reachable from city $x$, denoted as $x \Rightarrow y$. Roads in *Ceres* follow a particular pattern: for three cities $x,y,z$, if $x \Rightarrow z$ and $y \Rightarrow z$, then $x \Rightarrow y$ or $y \Rightarrow x$. 

It is one month from the millennial anniversary of the foundation of *Ceres*, and people of *Ceres* are preparing a grand ceremonial parade. The country of *Ceres* knows that there are $q$ parade plans, with the $i$th parade wishing to start from city $s_i$ and end in city $t_i$ after passing through several cities. Within a parade, **a city could be passed through multiple times**. To make parades more enjoyable, for each parade $k(0 \leq k \leq 2)$ directed roads will be **temporarily** built specially for that parade. In other words, other parade plans couldn't pass through roads built for that parade.

Now the country of *Ceres* wants to know the **number of cities possibly passed through** in each parade plan.

Note: Temporarily built roads **don't necessarily follow the pattern of original roads in *Ceres***.

## Input Format

The first line contains four integers $n,m,q,k$, each indicating the number of cities, roads, parade plans and temporary roads for each parade. The following $m$ lines each contains two integers $u,v$, representing a directed road $u \rightarrow v$.

For the following $q$ lines, they begin with two integers $s_i,t_i$, representing the starting and end points for each parade; this is followed by $k$ pairs of integers $a,b$ in the line, each pair indicating a temporarily added directed road $a \rightarrow b$.

It is guaranteed that if all original directed roads in *Ceres* are deemed as undirected ones, then all cities are connected.

## Output Format

For each query, output a line of one integer indicating the answer. If a parade could not reach the end point from the starting point, simply output $0$.

```input1
5 6 4 1
1 2
1 3
1 4
2 5
4 5
5 4
1 4 5 1
2 3 5 3
1 2 5 2
3 4 5 1
```
```output1
4
4
4
0
```

## Sample Explanation 1

The $1$st plan, starting at point $1$ and ending in point $4$, with a temporarily built road $5 \rightarrow 1$, could possibly pass through cities $\{ 1,2,4,5 \}$.

The $2$nd plan, starting at point $2$ and ending in point $3$, with a temporarily built road $5 \rightarrow 3$, could possibly pass through cities $\{ 2,3,4,5 \}$.

The $3$rd plan, starting at point $1$ and ending in point $2$, with a temporarily built road $5 \rightarrow 2$, could possibly pass through cities $\{ 1,2,4,5 \}$.

The $4$th plan, starting at point $3$ and ending in point $4$, with a temporarily built road $5 \rightarrow 1$, could not arrive in point $4$ from point $3$.

## Sample 2

See files [celebration2.in](file://celebration2.in) and [celebration2.ans](file://celebration2.ans) under participant directory.  
Constraints of this sample is the same as tests $5 \sim  7$.

## Sample 3

See files [celebration3.in](file://celebration3.in) and [celebration3.ans](file://celebration3.ans) under participant directory.  
Constraints of this sample is the same as tests $10 \sim 11$.

## Sample 4

See files [celebration4.in](file://celebration4.in) and [celebration4.ans](file://celebration4.ans) under participant directory.  
Constraints of this sample is the same as tests $15 \sim 16$.

## Sample 4

See files [celebration5.in](file://celebration5.in) and [celebration5.ans](file://celebration5.ans) under participant directory.  
Constraints of this sample is the same as tests $20 \sim 25$.


## Constraints and Specification

For all the tests, $1 \leq n,q \leq 3 \times 10^5$, $n-1 \leq m \leq 6 \times 10^5$, $0 \leq k \leq 2$.

|Test Number|$n,q \leq$|$k$|Special Case|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|$1 \sim 4$|$5$|$=0$|$\text{None}$|
|$5 \sim 7$|$1000$|$\leq 2$|$\text{None}$|
|$8 \sim 9$|$3 \times 10^5$|$=0$|$m=n-1$|
|$10 \sim 11$|$3 \times 10^5$|$=1$|$m=n-1$|
|$12 \sim 14$|$3 \times 10^5$|$=2$|$m=n-1$|
|$15 \sim 16$|$3 \times 10^5$|$=0$|$\text{None}$|
|$17 \sim 19$|$3 \times 10^5$|$=1$|$\text{None}$|
|$20 \sim 25$|$3 \times 10^5$|$=2$|$\text{None}$|
