## Description

In the process of automatic program analysis, it is often necessary to determine whether some constraints can be satisfied at the same time. 

Consider a simplified version of the constraint satisfaction problem: suppose $x_1, x_2, x_3,\ldots$ represent variables appearing in the program, and given are equality/inequality constraints of the form $x_i =x_j$ or $x_i \neq x_j$. Please determine whether you can assign appropriate values ​​to each variable so that all the given constraints are met simultaneously. For example, for the following constraints: $x_1 = x_2, \ x_2 = x_3, \ x_3 = x_4, \ x_1 \neq x_4$, these constraints are obviously impossible to be satisfied at the same time, so this problem should be judged as unsatisfiable. Given some constraint satisfaction problems, please judge them separately.

## Input Format

The first line of the input file contains a positive integer $t$, which indicates the number of problems to be judged. Note that these problems are independent of each other.

For each problem, there are several lines: 

The first line contains a positive integer $n$, which represents the number of constraints that need to be satisfied in the problem. In the next $n$ lines, each line includes three integers $i, j, e$, describing an equality/inequality constraint, each integer separated by a single space. If $e = 1$, the constraint condition is $x_i = x_j$; if $e = 0$, the constraint condition is $x_i \neq x_j$​.


## Output Format

The output file includes $t$ lines. The $k^{th}$ line of the output file contains a string ```YES``` or ```NO``` (without quotation marks, all uppercase letters). ```YES``` means that the $k^{th}$ problem in the input can be satisfied, and ```NO``` means that it cannot be satisfied.

```input1
2
2
1 2 1
1 2 0
2
1 2 1
2 1 1
```
```output1
NO
YES
```

## Constraints

For all data, $1 \leq t \leq 10, \ 1 \leq n \leq 10^6, \ 1 \leq i,j \leq 10^9$.
